Today's World Affairs Conference
You must take good care of our trip tomorrow.
Leaders rest assured
I will live up to my expectations
Take care of Lin
Mr. Lin, to congratulate you on breaking the world record
I'm giving you this house personally
And an unlimited black card
Hey Lin
Don't be in a hurry to refuse.
What about this house?
I bought it for you in the provincial capital
We have this house
If you come to the city for training
No need to toss back and forth
As for the money in this card
I funded it privately.
Don't worry, classmate Yan
Mr. Yang, I appreciate your concern
But you get nothing for nothing.
I can't take this room and this money
Hey, Brother Lin
Yes, Mr. Yang
We can't ask for these.
Oh, good.
Since classmate Lin has repeatedly insisted
Then I won't force it.
Student Lin Brother Lin
In the future, if there is any use
Although open
Yang, try to be satisfied.
Thank you Mr. Yang
Since Kobayashi doesn't have this need anymore
We won't bother
I'll see you at the conference this afternoon.
Good leader goodbye
Hello, I heard that the mother in Lin Dong District is in business
You're gonna send him 200 million contract
It can be regarded as my congratulations to Lin Dong District